docs/docs.md, before:

## `BasicState.new()`
-----
Creates a new state object. Accepts an optional `InitialState` parameter, for defining the state before it is returned.

### Syntax
`BasicState.new([ InitialState: Dictionary<any, any> = {} ]): State`

## `State:Set()`
-----
Sets the value of a given key in the state, and then fires off any `Changed` signals. You should always use this when you need to change the state. Never modify state directly, unless using `RawSet`!

### Syntax
`State:Set(Key: any, Value: any): void`

## `State:SetState()`
-----
Set multiple values in the state. `Changed` signals will be fired for each modified key.

!!! warning
    Setting sub-tables will fully overwrite their contents in the state. This method uses shallow-merging, which only merges the values at the root of the state. Use :Get() and append/overwrite keys where required, and set the modified table when storing tables.

### Syntax
`State:SetState(StateTable: Dictionary<any, any>): void`

### Example
```lua
local State = BasicState.new({
    Location = "Mountain",
    Greetings = {
        Place = "Welcome to the Mountain!",
        Roblox = "Hey Roblox!",
        Me = "Hi ClockworkSquirrel!"
    }
})

local function ChangeLocations(NewLocation)
    local NewGreetings = State:Get("Greetings")
    NewGreetings.Place = string.format("Hello %s!", NewLocation)

    State:SetState({
        Location = NewLocation,
        Greetings = NewGreetings
    })
end

ChangeLocations("City")
```

## `State:Toggle()`
-----
Toggles a stored Boolean value between `true` and `false`. Will throw an error if the stored value is not a Boolean.

### Syntax
`State:Toggle(Key: any): void`

### Example
```lua
local State = BasicState.new({
    MenuOpen = false
})

State:Toggle("MenuOpen") --> true
State:Toggle("MenuOpen") --> false
```

## `State:Increment()`
-----
Increases the value of a stored numeric value by 1 (or a specified amount), with an optional cap parameter, which will stop incrementing above a specified number. Will throw an error is the stored value is not a number.

### Syntax
`State:Increment(Key: any[, Amount: Number = 1][, Cap: Number = nil]): void`

## `State:Decrement()`
-----
Decreases the value of a stored numeric value by 1 (or a specified amount), with an optional cap parameter, which will stop decrementing below a specified number. Will throw an error if the stored value is not a number.

### Syntax
`State:Decrement(Key: any[, Amount: Number = 1][, Cap: Number = nil]): void`

### Example
```lua
local State = BasicState.new({
    Money = 100
})

local function BuyItem(ItemName, ItemPrice)
    -- A cap of 0 was specified to prevent Money from going below 0
    State:Decrement("Money", ItemPrice, 0)
    print(("Bought %s for %d"):format(ItemName, ItemPrice))
end

BuyItem("Noodles", 12)
```

## `State:RawSet()`
-----
Sets a value in the store without firing any `.Changed` (or `:GetChangedSignal`) events.

### Syntax
`State:RawSet(Key: any, Value: any): void`

## `State:Get()`
-----
Retrieves a value stored in the state. If `DefaultValue` is specified, it will return that if the entry does not exist (or is equal to `nil`).

### Syntax
`State:Get(Key: any[, DefaultValue: any = nil]): any`

## `State:GetState()`
-----
Returns the full state object. A new table is returned, rather than a reference to the internal state object. This prevents directly overwriting the state. You should always use the `:Set()` method if you wish to mutate state.

### Syntax
`State:GetState(): Dictionary<any, any>`

## `State:GetChangedSignal()`
-----
Returns an [RBXScriptSignal](https://developer.roblox.com/en-us/api-reference/datatype/RBXScriptSignal) which is only fired when the value of the specified key is updated. The Event fires with the following values (in order):

| Name          | Type                             | Description                                               |
|-----------------|--------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| `NewValue` | `any`                             | The new value of the requested entry.     |
| `OldValue`   | `any`                             | The value of the entry prior to mutation.  |
| `OldState`    | `Dictionary<any, any>` | The entire state object prior to mutation. |

### Syntax
`State:GetChangedSignal(Key: any): RBXScriptSignal`

### Example
```lua
local State = BasicState.new({
    Hello = "World"
})

State:GetChangedSignal("Hello"):Connect(function(NewValue, OldValue, OldState)
    print(OldValue) --> "World"
    print(NewValue) --> "Roblox"
end)

State:Set("Hello", "Roblox")
```

## `State:Destroy()`
-----
Clears the current state and disconnects all connections.

### Syntax
`State:Destroy(): void`

## `State.Changed`
-----
An [RBXScriptSignal](https://developer.roblox.com/en-us/api-reference/datatype/RBXScriptSignal) which is fired any time the state mutates. The Event fires with the following values (in order):

| Name          | Type                             | Description                                               |
|-----------------|--------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| `OldState`    | `Dictionary<any, any>` | The entire state object prior to mutation. |
| `Key`           | `any`                             | The key of the entry which has mutated. |

### Syntax
`State.Changed: RBXScriptSignal`

### Example
```lua
local State = BasicState.new({
    Hello = "World"
})

State.Changed:Connect(function(OldState, Key)
    print(Key) --> "Hello"
    print(OldState[Key]) --> "World"
    print(State:Get(Key)) --> "Roblox"
end)

State:Set("Hello", "Roblox")
```

Commit message:

New Roact method for wrapping Roact components
A new `Roact` method allows a Roact component to be wrapped in a BasicState instace. This will allow direct access to any or specified keys within the BasicState store from the Roact component's own state object. You can modify the BasicState store as normal to re-render components with new information.

docs/docs.md, after:

## `BasicState.new()`
-----
Creates a new state object. Accepts an optional `InitialState` parameter, for defining the state before it is returned.

### Syntax
`BasicState.new([ InitialState: Dictionary<any, any> = {} ]): State`

## `State:Set()`
-----
Sets the value of a given key in the state, and then fires off any `Changed` signals. You should always use this when you need to change the state. Never modify state directly, unless using `RawSet`!

### Syntax
`State:Set(Key: any, Value: any): void`

## `State:SetState()`
-----
Set multiple values in the state. `Changed` signals will be fired for each modified key.

!!! warning
    Setting sub-tables will fully overwrite their contents in the state. This method uses shallow-merging, which only merges the values at the root of the state. Use :Get() and append/overwrite keys where required, and set the modified table when storing tables.

### Syntax
`State:SetState(StateTable: Dictionary<any, any>): void`

### Example
```lua
local State = BasicState.new({
    Location = "Mountain",
    Greetings = {
        Place = "Welcome to the Mountain!",
        Roblox = "Hey Roblox!",
        Me = "Hi ClockworkSquirrel!"
    }
})

local function ChangeLocations(NewLocation)
    local NewGreetings = State:Get("Greetings")
    NewGreetings.Place = string.format("Hello %s!", NewLocation)

    State:SetState({
        Location = NewLocation,
        Greetings = NewGreetings
    })
end

ChangeLocations("City")
```

## `State:Toggle()`
-----
Toggles a stored Boolean value between `true` and `false`. Will throw an error if the stored value is not a Boolean.

### Syntax
`State:Toggle(Key: any): void`

### Example
```lua
local State = BasicState.new({
    MenuOpen = false
})

State:Toggle("MenuOpen") --> true
State:Toggle("MenuOpen") --> false
```

## `State:Increment()`
-----
Increases the value of a stored numeric value by 1 (or a specified amount), with an optional cap parameter, which will stop incrementing above a specified number. Will throw an error is the stored value is not a number.

### Syntax
`State:Increment(Key: any[, Amount: Number = 1][, Cap: Number = nil]): void`

## `State:Decrement()`
-----
Decreases the value of a stored numeric value by 1 (or a specified amount), with an optional cap parameter, which will stop decrementing below a specified number. Will throw an error if the stored value is not a number.

### Syntax
`State:Decrement(Key: any[, Amount: Number = 1][, Cap: Number = nil]): void`

### Example
```lua
local State = BasicState.new({
    Money = 100
})

local function BuyItem(ItemName, ItemPrice)
    -- A cap of 0 was specified to prevent Money from going below 0
    State:Decrement("Money", ItemPrice, 0)
    print(("Bought %s for %d"):format(ItemName, ItemPrice))
end

BuyItem("Noodles", 12)
```

## `State:RawSet()`
-----
Sets a value in the store without firing any `.Changed` (or `:GetChangedSignal`) events.

### Syntax
`State:RawSet(Key: any, Value: any): void`

## `State:Get()`
-----
Retrieves a value stored in the state. If `DefaultValue` is specified, it will return that if the entry does not exist (or is equal to `nil`).

### Syntax
`State:Get(Key: any[, DefaultValue: any = nil]): any`

## `State:GetState()`
-----
Returns the full state object. A new table is returned, rather than a reference to the internal state object. This prevents directly overwriting the state. You should always use the `:Set()` method if you wish to mutate state.

### Syntax
`State:GetState(): Dictionary<any, any>`

## `State:GetChangedSignal()`
-----
Returns an [RBXScriptSignal](https://developer.roblox.com/en-us/api-reference/datatype/RBXScriptSignal) which is only fired when the value of the specified key is updated. The Event fires with the following values (in order):

| Name          | Type                             | Description                                               |
|-----------------|--------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| `NewValue` | `any`                             | The new value of the requested entry.     |
| `OldValue`   | `any`                             | The value of the entry prior to mutation.  |
| `OldState`    | `Dictionary<any, any>` | The entire state object prior to mutation. |

### Syntax
`State:GetChangedSignal(Key: any): RBXScriptSignal`

### Example
```lua
local State = BasicState.new({
    Hello = "World"
})

State:GetChangedSignal("Hello"):Connect(function(NewValue, OldValue, OldState)
    print(OldValue) --> "World"
    print(NewValue) --> "Roblox"
end)

State:Set("Hello", "Roblox")
```

## `State:Destroy()`
-----
Clears the current state and disconnects all connections.

### Syntax
`State:Destroy(): void`

## `State:Roact()`
-----
Wraps a Roact component and injects BasicState into the component's state.

!!! tip "Experimental"
    This feature is experimental! You may encounter bugs when using it; if so, please [submit an issue](https://github.com/ClockworkSquirrel/BasicState/issues/new).

### Syntax
`State:Roact(Component: Roact.Component[, Keys: any[] = nil]): Roact.Component`

### Example
There's a full example within the `/examples` directory on how to use BasicState with Roact: [`examples/roact-wrapped-counter`](https://github.com/ClockworkSquirrel/BasicState/tree/default/examples/roact-wrapped-counter).

## `State.Changed`
-----
An [RBXScriptSignal](https://developer.roblox.com/en-us/api-reference/datatype/RBXScriptSignal) which is fired any time the state mutates. The Event fires with the following values (in order):

| Name          | Type                             | Description                                               |
|-----------------|--------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| `OldState`    | `Dictionary<any, any>` | The entire state object prior to mutation. |
| `Key`           | `any`                             | The key of the entry which has mutated. |

### Syntax
`State.Changed: RBXScriptSignal`

### Example
```lua
local State = BasicState.new({
    Hello = "World"
})

State.Changed:Connect(function(OldState, Key)
    print(Key) --> "Hello"
    print(OldState[Key]) --> "World"
    print(State:Get(Key)) --> "Roblox"
end)

State:Set("Hello", "Roblox")
```
